Feature/tiny 6050 (#5988)
tinymce/tinymce: modules/tinymce/changelog.txt

    Added ability to load TinyMCE in inline mode within a ShadowRoot #TINY-6128
    Added the ability to remove images on a failed upload using the `images_upload_handler` failure callback #TINY-6011
    Added `hasPlugin` function to the editor API to determine if a plugin exists or not #TINY-766

>     Added the ability to use colgroups in `table`, and whether or not to use them with the new setting `table_use_colgroups` #TINY-6050

Reviewer: ``
```suggestion
    Added the ability to use `colgroup` elements in tables and added a new setting `table_use_colgroups` for toggling the behavior #TINY-6050
```

>     Added the ability to use `colgroup` elements in tables and added a new setting `table_use_colgroups` for toggling the behavior #TINY-6050

Reviewer 2: I wonder if this should be two entries... @tylerkelly13 ?

    Added the ability to remove images on a failed upload using the `images_upload_handler` failure callback #TINY-6011
    Added `hasPlugin` function to the editor API to determine if a plugin exists or not #TINY-766
    Added new `ToggleToolbarDrawer` command and query state handler to allow the toolbar drawer to be programmatically toggled and its toggle state to be checked #TINY-6032

>     Added the ability to use `colgroup` elements in tables and added a new setting `table_use_colgroups` for toggling the behavior #TINY-6050

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Added the ability to use `colgroup` elements in tables #TINY-6050
    Added a new setting `table_use_colgroups` for toggling the behavior #TINY-6050
```

Reviewer 2: Hm. @tylerkelly13 is the second line clear enough as a standalone entry?

Reviewer 3: I'd agree, it needs to say something like `toggling whether colgroups are inserted in new tables` or something like that :shrug:

Reviewer: @metricjs @lnewson Fixed suggestion?

Reviewer 3: LGTM :+1: We'll just need to get that included now.

    Added the ability to remove images on a failed upload using the `images_upload_handler` failure callback #TINY-6011
    Added `hasPlugin` function to the editor API to determine if a plugin exists or not #TINY-766
    Added new `ToggleToolbarDrawer` command and query state handler to allow the toolbar drawer to be programmatically toggled and its toggle state to be checked #TINY-6032
    Added the ability to use `colgroup` elements in tables #TINY-6050

>     Added a new setting `table_use_colgroups` for toggling the behavior #TINY-6050

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Added a new setting `table_use_colgroups` for toggling whether colgroups are used in new tables #TINY-6050
```

Reviewer: @HAFRMO @lnewson @metricjs

Reviewer 2: I do wonder a bit if we should mention that it's about column width things, but that might make it rather long and complicated. I'm okay with this.
